docs/installation.md, before:

# Installation

The recommended way to install the library is via [Composer](https://getcomposer.org/).

## Requirements

- PHP 8.1 or higher
- Composer

## Install via Composer

Run the following command in your terminal:

```bash
composer require fyennyi/alerts-in-ua-php
```

## Obtaining an API Token

To use this library, you must have a valid API token from **alerts.in.ua**.

1. Go to [devs.alerts.in.ua](https://devs.alerts.in.ua/).
2. Register or log in.
3. Generate a new API token.

!!! warning "Security"
    Keep your API token secret. Do not commit it to public repositories. Use environment variables (e.g., `.env` files) to store sensitive credentials.

## Integration Frameworks

### Symfony

You can register the client as a service in `services.yaml`:

```yaml
services:
  Fyennyi\AlertsInUa\Client\AlertsClient:
    arguments:
      $token: '%env(ALERTS_IN_UA_TOKEN)%'
      $cache: '@cache.app' # Optional: Use Symfony's cache pool
```

### Laravel

You can bind the client in a ServiceProvider:

```php
use Fyennyi\AlertsInUa\Client\AlertsClient;

$this->app->singleton(AlertsClient::class, function ($app) {
    return new AlertsClient(
        config('services.alerts_in_ua.token'),
        $app->make('cache.store')
    );
});
```

Commit message:

docs: Use content tabs for installation guide

docs/installation.md, after:

# Installation

The recommended way to install the library is via [Composer](https://getcomposer.org/).

## Requirements

- PHP 8.1 or higher
- Composer

## Installation

=== "Composer (Recommended)"

    Run the following command in your terminal:

    ```bash
    composer require fyennyi/alerts-in-ua-php
    ```

=== "Git / Manual"

    1. Clone the repository:
       ```bash
       git clone https://github.com/Fyennyi/alerts-in-ua-php.git
       cd alerts-in-ua-php
       ```

    2. Install dependencies:
       ```bash
       composer install
       ```

    3. Include the autoloader in your project:
       ```php
       require_once 'alerts-in-ua-php/vendor/autoload.php';
       ```

## Obtaining an API Token

To use this library, you must have a valid API token from **alerts.in.ua**.

1. Go to [devs.alerts.in.ua](https://devs.alerts.in.ua/).
2. Register or log in.
3. Generate a new API token.

!!! warning "Security"
    Keep your API token secret. Do not commit it to public repositories. Use environment variables (e.g., `.env` files) to store sensitive credentials.

## Integration Frameworks

### Symfony

You can register the client as a service in `services.yaml`:

```yaml
services:
  Fyennyi\AlertsInUa\Client\AlertsClient:
    arguments:
      $token: '%env(ALERTS_IN_UA_TOKEN)%'
      $cache: '@cache.app' # Optional: Use Symfony's cache pool
```

### Laravel

You can bind the client in a ServiceProvider:

```php
use Fyennyi\AlertsInUa\Client\AlertsClient;

$this->app->singleton(AlertsClient::class, function ($app) {
    return new AlertsClient(
        config('services.alerts_in_ua.token'),
        $app->make('cache.store')
    );
});
```
